Add jank client (#92)
spacebarchat/docs: docs/setup/clients/jank/web.md

Jank client is currently being developed at [this repository](https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient).

## Official host

Jank Client is officially hosted [here](https://jankclient.greysilly7.xyz/)

!!! note

    Jank client supports pointing to your own instance by default, you can read about it [here](https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient/blob/main/InstanceInfo.md)

!!! warning

    If you want you instance to play nice with other instances of Jank Client using their account switchers, you need to disable CORS, or allow requests from the instances of Jank Client you trust

## Setup/Building

### Dependencies

-   [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
-   [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org) or [Bun](https://bun.sh/)

In your terminal:

```bash
# Download Jank Client
git clone https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient.git

# Enter the cloned directory
cd JankClient

# Install dependencies
npm i

# Or if you're on bun
bun i
```
then build the client

```bash
npm run build

#or if you're on bun
bun run build

```

To start the client, run

```bash
npm run start

# If you're using bun
bun run start
```
!!! note

>     Jank Client defualts to opening on port 8080, if you want to change the port you'll need to change either the env variable PORT or put the port on the command you run, ex: `npm start ./index.js 43`

Reviewer: This is a development tool. Rewrite the build instructions to compile a static web root and provide instructions to serve with nginx or similar.

Author: I pinged you on discord so we could talk about this with most instance comunication

>     Jank Client defualts to opening on port 8080, if you want to change the port you'll need to change either the env variable PORT or put the port on the command you run so it'd be like node ./index.js 43

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Jank Client defaults to opening on port 8080, if you want to change the port you'll need to change either the env variable PORT or put the port on the command you run, ex: `node ./index.js 43`
```

If you're wanting to also develop Jank Client, you'll need to start the typescript compiler in watch mode on the base directory of the project.

## Contributing

To contribute:

-   Fork (Jank Client)[https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient]
-   Run the building instructions.
-   Commit & push.

> -   Pull request & done!

Reviewer: Is there a non-pull request flow for folks who don't use, or prefer not to use GitHub?

Author: not as of now, I only have a github

Author: I do have github/spacebar, though I don't know how exactly that's supposed to work, as neither are git providors

Reviewer: sending in patches outside of git (eg. `git format-patch` -> `git am *.patch`), via any means of communication that can share one or more files :)

Author: I mean technically that'd work, but as with the official client
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff6114db-47e5-4272-86a2-03b869c77913)
I don't really want to encourage that type of commit

Reviewer: fair, i guess im probably one of few people who would prefer to just send in patch files than whatever the hell messy thing that is github fork+pr :P

> If you're wanting to also develop Jank Client, you'll need to start the type script compiler in watch mode on the base dir of the project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're wanting to also develop Jank Client, you'll need to start the typescript compiler in watch mode on the base directory of the project.
```

### What can I contribute?

-   More settings, and general bug fixes, CSS improvements or anything you think needs to be fixed/improved
-   [This](https://github.com/users/MathMan05/projects/1/views/1) is a good list for things that need to be done, though it's incomplete, so if you think something is missing and you want to add it, just do it! MathMan05 is more than willing to answer your questions if you have any!
-   Even if you can't code, there's stuff you can still do! Like [reporting bugs](https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient/issues), or updating the documentation! Even if you don't help Jank Client directly, if you contributed to the Spacebar server itself, it'd still be a huge help towards Jank Client, especially if you improve/fix op codes 8/14.

> -   If you have an instance you can put it on Jank Clients [instance list](https://github.com/MathMan05/JankClient/blob/main/InstanceInfo.md), if you don't it'll show up on Jank Client if it's on the official instance list, but it's good if you do put it on the list as it'll let Jank Client have some additional information, and your instance will be higher on the list, even if you partially fill it out, Jank Client will merge both listings so no information is lost.

Reviewer: Perhaps provide a link to the official instance list?

Author: wdym

Reviewer: as in, include a direct link to the official intance list instead of just saying "this thing i dont provide a link to", just use a masked link to the repo or something

Author: Oh, I need to rewrite for clarity, that's not what that means

Reviewer: i meant more, the "if you don't it'll show up on Jank Client if it's on the official instance list," part

Author: just saw this, I did fix it
